hey how's it going guys Dave 2d so I'm
on vacation this week I can't do a
regular tech review video but I did have
a QA thing last week so I will be
answering some of those questions so if
you're looking for a tech review video
you should probably turn this off now
because this is probably going to be
very boring for you otherwise but for
the people that are interested in my
life and just had questions about stuff
here it is
so the first question is from Yuki he
asks what's your nationality so I am
obviously Asian my parents were from
Asia
my dad is half Chinese
he's Malaysian Chinese and my mom is I
guess use half Burmese half Chinese I am
Canadian on born in Canada raised in
Canada so I guess I'm like a mix of
Asian but Canadian Jesse asks what's the
last product that truly made you say wow
in a good way I thought about this for a
while and I think my answer might be a
little bit cliche but I think it's that
Mac Pro from 2013 it's not new but that
device is abnormally like over-designed
and over-engineered it is so small for
what it needs to be and it is incredible
the amount of tech and the amount of
engineering they had to put into that to
make that device I think it's really
really interesting Adrien asks what are
the best Bluetooth earbuds my answer is
a little bit different for most people's
I think most people go for the jaybird
those are super popular my pick is the
Plantronics backbeat fit my reason is
the number one it's waterproof like
basically 100% waterproof I've gone
swimming with it I've showered with it
I've gone running in the rain with it
it's super waterproof and it comes in
blue can't go wrong with that right
Marco asks what inspired you to start
making YouTube videos and what does the
future hold for the channel I don't know
what the future holds to the channel I'm
just doing this kind of day-by-day but
as for my inspiration I use out YouTube
as like an outlet for my creativity my
regular job doesn't allow me to be
creative I mean it's a very regular desk
job but YouTube lets me get my creative
juices out of my mind and out of my body
it's fun I started it for fun and I find
it more and more fun every day repeat
asked what really is your main work
other than making youtube vids my
regular job is I deal with construction
and construction equipment it's not
construction per se but I deal with
construction stuff Toby asks how old are
you I am 34 I mean it probably doesn't
seem that way I'm super immature for my
age but I am 34 i tinker stuff asks what
my csgo rank and skill group is I am
terrible at csgo I love that game I've
played it a lot more than most people
who are as bad as I am but I'm really
bad so I never play ranked matches well
very rarely and if I do I'm like the
bottom of the charts Luis asks what do
you think of the Chromebook pixel I
think it's an amazing device if you can
make it fit into your life I think it's
awesome I have one I don't use it nearly
as much as I wish I could just because
most of the apps that I work with
nowadays don't even work on that device
but I wish I could so if you can make it
work in your life I'm super jealous and
that's awesome Osama asks are you
married I am married I was married in
2011 and I have one kid his name is Noah
I'll put a video of him in here just so
you guys can see
Kanade asks what would be your hardest
or easiest type of video to make hardest
videos for me would definitely be
smartphones I don't I've done several of
them I haven't uploaded them because I
haven't felt like the quality of those
videos have been good enough I find
those difficult because there are so
many people that use smartphones for so
many different reasons some people want
the camera some people want the OS to be
super snappy it I think the usage case
for smartphones differs so much for each
person it's tough to do an overall
review for them for me hopefully I
improve on those that's why I haven't
done one so far easiest type definitely
notebooks I love notebooks
I am very critical about them and I find
it very natural to make videos about
them cutting Tyler asks who are your
favorite youtubers give me tips for
aspiring or beginning youtubers so I
guess my favorite youtubers are I mean I
love the superstars in tech with so
Marquez Dom TLD today Lew Austin like
those guys have so much horsepower every
single time they make a video it's
awesome but as for my favorite youtubers
it probably goes to like the young kids
like the 15 or 16 year olds that are
pushing out really cool content because
when I was fifteen I was wasting time
non-stop and I was doing nothing like I
was just basically math hitting everyday
these kids have the ability to just make
amazing content and have motivation to
make it and the creativity to make it
all the time that's awesome
as for aspire tips for beginners two
things come to mind one don't make
content that you don't love to make that
you don't love to watch because if you
start making videos because you feel
like you should make them and you don't
love the process of doing it you'll hate
the process and you'll learn to hate
making YouTube secondly I think it's
important not to compare yourself to
other youtubers I think it's good to
learn from other youtubers but when you
compare your work to other people
especially like the really awesome
superstar youtubers you're going to feel
crappy about yourself so don't compare
yourself to often just focus on what
you're doing and do it the best that you
can do it
but then again I'm really new to this
myself so I'm not sure if I'm like the
best person to be asking for advice on
this but that's the end of this video
I'll be back next week with a regular
tech review and yeah it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time